this superb cake is called a lemon and
blueberry blondie and you'll love it
should Mike not be in this video why is
that
this is blondie he is a blondie he also
likes Blondie's yeah but no he's not in
this one I'm sure we'll come to have a
nibble nature on we are going to make
ours
all the usual cake ingredients so we've
got a heavy ratio of butter and egg like
a brownie we've got two types of sugar
castor and brown and we're to flavor it
with lemon zest and blueberries yeah
okay so start with softened butter into
a machine or intra big bowl keeping it
by hand and I'm going to add in the two
sugars castor sugar yeah and brown sugar
this is Demerara but you could use a
light and Muscovado or something like
that as well I probably would have
chosen the Muscovado over there Marrero
it's beautiful right I'm going to bend
those and you're going to keep yourself
occupied over here out of my way zesting
a lemon two of them if you could do that
right now mix all this up
we're going to use the rest of the
lemons later not for this recipe robot
we will keep them because they're
absolutely perfect for so many other
dressings marinades homemade lemonade
really well gin and tonic
next up we need to add four eggs into
our blonde image so Blondie's a bit like
brownie it's got a high concentration of
butter and a December chocolate brownie
but it's the opposite but it's a blonde
version it has got the dark chocolate
cocoa the light version from top or
front so you say so crack the eggs into
the mix there one at a time but we were
talking about I was told off the other
day and they're actually right subscribe
or comment it below that you shouldn't
practically extraneous mixer because if
it happens to be a bad a paging there is
yeah then it's too late
so cracks into a bowl first and hasn't
in one at a time I was taught that's how
I was trained
I forgot it I was being lazy oh and you
guys correct it takes a lot for bone to
admit that he's wrong so I think can we
just have a moment to appreciate but it
happened and one of these guys Brittany
on it so there we go we're now going to
break them into Bowl one at time and add
them into our mix I talk better you
could wear to front or better little
dash of vanilla extract as well and with
each egg 1 tablespoon of flour just
helps to stop it from splitting right
last bit of air into this mix
and now the final ingredients all your
lemon zest yep a little bit of baking
powder and plain flour that's all gonna
go into our machine then we're gonna
turn it on to very low speed just to
fold all that in you can do it by hand
obviously but just gently fold it in and
keep as much air as possible and then
into a baking tray that's been lined
with baking paper quite deep one it goes
like brownies you want quite a deep kind
of doorstep shape and this one you know
cool blueberry snows in as well yep then
I'm gonna get mushed up a little bit
what mixed in not mashed up why it's
nice and slow Roger
there we go scrape all the excess off
lovely and then spoon the whole lot into
our dish a lot of cake mix these are
also brilliant as cupcakes or fairy
cakes or individual ones and I've heard
of people making savory from these
before you can do yeah and some shil
you're not put the chocolate in there
but they are still generally quite heavy
or sugar right but you can put even
flavors in a white chocolate blondie is
amazing why don't we make that because
we've gone for more summery flavors of
lemon and blueberries you want a scraper
yes
the last motor zone help waste not want
not make sure you get all those last
bits out push it to the edges and then
fortunately Jamie's got an oven
preheated at 180 degrees Celsius I did
do that and it takes 40 minutes so 180
degrees Celsius in an oven for 40
minutes until it goes golden brown and
slightly prism there we go blondie
cooked and cool now if we lift it out of
there it's quite a heavy quite like
rounding like quite dates consistency
you saying that Blondie's are heavy
you've called them dense you've called
them sweet sweet wasn't one of the words
that you used actually I think it was
dense
moreish heavy and there was something
else that you said my thumb and what it
was obviously these are the only cakes
that we've done we've done those
chocolate brownies for a couple of years
back when a long while ago amazing they
were one of our most popular videos ever
I think that's cause you did that funny
thing with your hands Oh see I could
show you now but you're gonna have to go
click and find that video
because otherwise I just wrote you sport
it I had not sponsor wasn't me balancing
precariously and Jamie's ruining it
and if you just pile them up there and
there it is our lemon and blue we
blondies
sort it now you can have what Jennifer
thank you very much you know the
historical always Mike taken to be a
mouth for movement because what I'm
supposed to do in this bit is eat a
little bit and then tell you how it
tastes what I do is take a message sight
so that then I'm going on hmm
mmm when really what I should be saying
is Wow is you're amazing and of course
it doesn't have to meet lemon and
blueberry you can put in whatever
flavors you want Oh in that case tell us
what flavors you would have comment down
below and make sure you're subscribed if
they put the SUBSCRIBE afternoon
whatever it is do it and that way you'll
notify tips we do any video